some 27 a psalm of David
the Lord is my light and my salvation
whom shall I fear the Lord is the
strength of my life of whom shall I be
afraid when the wicked came against me
to eat of my flesh my enemies and foes
they stumbled and fell though an army
main camp against me my heart shall not
fear though war may rise against me in
this I will be confident
one thing I have desired of the Lord
that I will seek that I made dwell in
the house of the Lord all the days of my
life to behold the beauty of the Lord
and to enquire in his temple for in the
time of trouble he shall hide me in his
pavilion in the secret place of his
Tabernacle he shall hide me he shall set
me high upon a rock and now my head
shall be lifted up above my enemies all
around me therefore I will offer
sacrifices of joy in his tabernacle
I will sing yes I will sing praises to
the Lord here Oh Lord when I cry with my
voice have mercy
also upon me and answer me when you said
seek my face my heart said to you your
face Lord I will seek do not hide your
face from me do not turn your servant
away in anger you have been my help do
not leave me nor forsake me O God my
salvation
and my mother forsake me and the Lord
will take care of me teach me your way O
Lord and lead me in a smooth path
because of my enemies do not deliver me
to the will of my adversaries for false
witnesses have risen against me and such
as brave of violence I would have lost
heart unless I had believed that I would
see the goodness of the Lord in the land
of the living
wait on the moon be of good courage and
he shall strengthen your heart wait I
say on the Lord
[Music]